[Music]
desperate families flee raah in fear of
Israeli
bombardment Israel has ordered
Palestinians to leave parts of the
southern
city that's despite 1.5 million people
from across the Gaza Strip seeking
Refuge here during seven months of
War I have eight children it's difficult
the constant displacement wears me down
is exhausting but I hope we can find
safety we are leaving but we have no
idea where to go
until now we have no idea where to go
and I hope we find
safety Shireen says her husband looked
for a place to stay inah in central Gaza
but it was overcrowded so they will move
to an area called Al maasi on the
coast Israel says this is a safe Zone
it's already crowned with more than
450,000 displaced
people but not everyone is able to leave
they are bombarding us threatening us
and telling us to leave but we have
nowhere else to go personally I have no
one to turn to my mother is dead and I
have no one else we're just getting by
here and I simply don't have the ability
to pay money and move from one place to
another Muhammad fled to RAF from B
hanon in the north of Gaza about a month
and a half into the war he says if it
wasn't for his children who would have
simply stayed in the north and died
I have my son and two daughters and
another son who was killed he was 3
months old he was killed as a result of
the smoke caused by the
bombardment this is his ID
look jury Muhammad and
zann zann is
[Music]
gone for those who have made it to D bah
the situation is dire
they're struggling to find food water
and shelter as ceasefire talks drag on
this place families in der balah are
left with no choice but to keep moving
from a place to place in the hope of
staying alive hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians are continuing to flee
rafah they're searching for a refuge
amid Israeli air strikes and a
disastrous humanitarian situation but
the reality is there is no no safe place
for them to go this is
Al Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer